Prepare release 3.4.2 (#97)
Automattic/bash-cache-buildkite-plugin: CHANGELOG.md

_None._

## 3.4.2

### Bug Fixes

> - Fix `hash_directory` helper to be portable [#95]

Reviewer: nitpick:

```suggestion

- Fix `hash_directory` helper, and make it portable (Mac+Linux) [#95]
```

i.e. (1) newline between title and first bullet point (to match other sections) + (2) more appropriate description of the change (as while my initial goal was to make it portable I ended up realizing that it wasn't working as expected even on a single platform so the fix ended up being more than making it portable after all)

_None._

## 3.4.2

### Bug Fixes

- Fix `hash_directory` helper, and make it portable (Mac+Linux) [#95]

> 

Reviewer: Lol now we have an extra newline after… 😂  eh.
```suggestion
```
